so this is my little update video on CM
Punk so we finally it's kind of official
now he's kind of gone it's not a work
even if you thought it was a little bit
of work tiny bit of a work it's kind of
out of work anymore he's off
WrestleMania they took down there is
some of the WrestleMania posters it's
only the rest of many images are showing
now there's no steam punk in the images
some of his shirts on ww shops on our
half-price yeah yeah there's they're
still selling or seeing punk merch at
the merch stands because I obviously
they can make money off CM Punk even
though he's not there and CM Punk is
still going to get his royalty money
with or without be him being there
because he has a contract signing for
his merchandise alone so he's gonna
still get a royalty checks no matter
what so matter if they sell CM Punk sure
if they don't sell see a puncture
doesn't really matter um well it does
matter actually because the companies of
the companies making money but it
doesn't really matter the whole term of
things up oh yeah he's selling his
shirts maybe still coming back no they
took him out for us so many access why
would they do that that makes no sense
if it's really a work why would these
trying to swerve people for people not
to oh my god we can be CM Punk the some
people that are gonna come to wrestle me
and thinking they're gonna see pug no
he's not there Ric Flair's replaced is
he a punk get access it's not gonna be
at access he probably won't be in
WrestleMania he's not coming back to
Wrestlemania I don't think is I don't
think he's not come back for a long time
I don't think he's gonna come back until
next year estimated to prove a point why
the to prove to show a point that yeah I
skipped this WrestleMania I'm not afraid
of skipping any other rest of me I'm not
coming back it'll ask you give me what I
want to be in the main event of
Wrestlemania it's the only reason I'm
gonna come back to this company there's
been reports saying he's been frustrated
for months upon n he started the way the
his character he's been going it's kind
of makes sense because in 2012 he had
the title for the whole entire year
having the top matches and top few even
though Cena was still in the main event
it was it was matches that CM Punk was
in that people would remember and then
2013 he loses to the rock okay he's in a
big match he lists Undertaker obviously
gonna lose Undertaker WrestleMania and
they lose to Brock Lesnar he was in
these big programs he lost but it didn't
make him look super bad but then all of
a sudden goes from Brock less there and
they face and Curtis axel and he's very
facing ride back again
and it's like and they just facing the
shield all of a sudden for some reason
then he's just oh uh then he has a few
good cane and then I guess a few to
Triple H isn't that bad but in his eyes
I guess he thinks he already been there
done that cut tape a deal and he just
want to do it again and so I don't think
CM Punk's head back and this whole MMA
talk to UFC talk do you know why said
himself that a punk punk sold punts beat
up he doesn't think his body might not
hold but who knows if he's a kid to have
some couple fights they can talk CM Punk
and Dana White are supposedly good
friends now since they both hanging out
the UFC show them to us at each other he
claims that they talked everything they
didn't talk about anything about him
pursuing mixed martial arts or he him
even quitting the WMV Dana White even
though that Attila arrow hawaii i
believe brought it up in the media scrum
video so uh not that big of a deal and
Stone Cold gave his two cents on it
saying that yeah I did the same thing
but he does think that uh stone vince
mcmahon's and I go visit CM Punk in
Chicago and convince him to come back or
he's gonna realize how much money he's
losing for Wrestlemania and come back on
his own maybe austin will give him a
call he also says that even him a punk a
good friends also so I wouldn't expect
twice from Austin because he pretty much
did these same exact thing taking his
ball and going home in 2002 and is now
2014 CM Punk do the exact same situation
except not leave except he left uh
before WrestleMania not after
WrestleMania so do I think anything any
of this will do I think CM Punk doesn't
come back in the near future no but do I
think simpons gonna come back eventually
yes do I think CM Punk's it gonna join
MMA no but for some reason I have a
feeling that he might do one fight just
like mateesah if he's really adamant on
doing it which I think he is after
watching that interview with air avani
he seems like he just wants to try it
out just one time win or lose draw
doesn't matter he
you tried it once but that is it that is
my little CM Punk final video is
probably the last time I'm talking about
steampunk unless something big happens
on Monday or the near future to entice
me to make a video but that is my final
breaking news of CM Punk my final dogs
on what's going on probably nothing else
is going to break but this is pretty
much it so thanks for watching this CM
Punk video today i hope you enjoyed this
video that is all bad